Update Oracle check to use python-oracledb library (#13298)
DataDog/integrations-core: oracle/README.md

#### Prerequisite

> To use the Oracle integration with JDBC, download the Oracle JDBC driver (Linux only). If not using the JDBC method, the minimun [supported version][2] is Oracle 12c.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Oracle integration you can either use the native client (no additional install steps required) or download the Oracle JDBC driver (Linux only). To use the Oracle integration with JDBC, download the Oracle JDBC driver. If not using the JDBC method, the minimun [supported version][2] is Oracle 12c.
```

Due to licensing restrictions, the JDBC library is not included in the Datadog Agent, but can be downloaded directly from Oracle.

> **Note**: With Agent v7.42.x, the Agent uses `python-oracledb` thin mode which no longer requires installing the Instant Client libraries. If you're on an older version of the Agent and don't want to use the JDBC method, refer to the [Oracle Instant Client][3] setup instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: With Agent v7.42.x, the Agent uses `python-oracledb` thin mode which no longer requires installing the Instant Client libraries. If you're on an older version of the Agent and want to use the Instant Client, refer to the [Oracle Instant Client][3] setup instructions.
```

> *NOTE*: With Agent v7.42.x, the Agent uses `python-oracledb` thin mode which no longer requires installing the Instant Client libraries. If you're on an older version of the Agent and don't want to use the JDBC method please refer to this [documentation][3] on the Instant Client setup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: With Agent v7.42.x, the Agent uses `python-oracledb` thin mode which no longer requires installing the Instant Client libraries. If you're on an older version of the Agent and don't want to use the JDBC method, refer to the [Oracle Instant Client][3] setup instructions.
```

> **Note**: With Agent v7.42.x, the Agent no longer requires or supports installing the Instant Client libraries. If you're on an older version of the Agent and want to use the Instant Client, refer to the [Oracle Instant Client][3] setup instructions.

Reviewer 3: Can you add to this note indicating that starting in 7.42.x the Oracle integration only supports Python 3?

Author: Added

Author: Done

> **Note**: With Agent v7.42.x, the Agent uses `python-oracledb` thin mode which no longer requires installing the Instant Client libraries. If you're on an older version of the Agent and want to use the Instant Client, refer to the [Oracle Instant Client][3] setup instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: With Agent v7.42.x, the Agent no longer requires or supports installing the Instant Client libraries. If you're on an older version of the Agent and want to use the Instant Client, refer to the [Oracle Instant Client][3] setup instructions.
```

Reviewer: python-oracledb is an implementation detail

#### Prerequisite

To use the Oracle integration you can either use the native client (no additional install steps required) or download the Oracle JDBC driver (Linux only). To use the Oracle integration with JDBC, download the Oracle JDBC driver. If not using the JDBC method, the minimun [supported version][2] is Oracle 12c.
Due to licensing restrictions, the JDBC library is not included in the Datadog Agent, but can be downloaded directly from Oracle.

> **Note**: With Agent v7.42.x, the Agent no longer requires or supports installing the Instant Client libraries. If you're on an older version of the Agent and want to use the Instant Client, refer to the [Oracle Instant Client][3] setup instructions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With Agent v7.42.x, the Agent no longer requires or supports installing the Instant Client libraries. If you're on an older version of the Agent and want to use the Instant Client, refer to the [Oracle Instant Client][3] setup instructions.
```
This is more of a nit, but I think since the other note styles are \*Note\*, and this note is pretty long, it would make more sense to keep this as a regular sentence.

2. Update the `sqlnet.ora`, `listener.ora`, and `tnsnames.ora` to allow TCPS connections on your Oracle Database. 

> ##### TCPS through the Oracle

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### TCPS through Oracle
```

Reviewer 2: Offering this as a suggestion, but please update if something else would be more apt here.

> If you are connecting to Oracle Database through Oracle, verify that the Datadog Agent is able to connect to your database. Use the `sqlplus` command line tool with the information inputted in your configuration options:

Reviewer: > If you are connecting to Oracle Database through Oracle

What does that mean? Should we say "directly" or "without jdbc"?

> If you are connecting to Oracle Database using the Oracle, verify that the Datadog Agent is able to connect to your database. Use the `sqlplus` command line tool with the information inputted in your configuration options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are connecting to Oracle Database through Oracle, verify that the Datadog Agent is able to connect to your database. Use the `sqlplus` command line tool with the information inputted in your configuration options:
```

Reviewer 2: As above, feel free to update as necessary.

> If you are connecting to Oracle Database through Oracle, verify that the Datadog Agent is able to connect to your database. Use the `sqlplus` command line tool with the information inputted in your configuration options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not using JDBC, verify that the Datadog Agent is able to connect to your database. Use the `sqlplus` command line tool with the information inputted in your configuration options:
```

where blocking_session is not NULL order by blocking_session;
```

3. Once configured, you can create a [monitor][10] based on `oracle.custom_query.locks` metrics.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][11] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

### Events

The Oracle Database check does not include any events.

### Service Checks

> See [service_checks.json][12] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

Reviewer 2: Could you add the `## Troubleshooting` header back in? This is required in order for the service checks to be properly rendered, and also adds context to the `#### JDBC driver (Linux only)` section. Screenshot of my local docs build for reference:
https://a.cl.ly/DOukNO9l

> #### JDBC driver (Linux only)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### JDBC driver (Linux only)
```

Reviewer 2: Update to reflect its new position under `## Troubleshooting`
